candidate_full_name = "Kevin Jin"

test_candidate = """
Software Engineer @ Pinterest

Pinterest

Vanderbilt University
San Francisco, California, United States

Software Engineer
Pinterest · Full-time
Jul 2024 - Present · 6 mos
San Francisco, California, United States
Analytics InfrastructureA
Apache Spark, Apache Flink and +3 skills

Software Engineer Intern
Apple · Internship
May 2023 - Aug 2023 · 4 mos
Cupertino, California, United States
Open Source Program Office (OSPO)
Natural Language Processing (NLP), Open-Source Software and +3 skills

Software Engineer Intern
Roblox · Internship
Mar 2023 - May 2023 · 3 mos
San Mateo, California, United States
Next.js, ASP.NET Core and +3 skills

Team Create Presence
Amazon logo
Software Engineer Intern
Amazon · Internship
Jun 2022 - Aug 2022 · 3 mos
Seattle, Washington, United States
Alexa Shopping Conversation Management
Infrastructure as code (IaC), Amazon Web Services (AWS) and +3 skills

Education
Vanderbilt University
Bachelor of Science - BS, Computer Science and Mathematics, Minor in Engineering Management (National Merit Scholar)
Aug 2020 - May 2024
Activities and societies: VandyHacks (Director of Content), ChangePlusPlus (Technical Lead), Vanderbilt Commodore Orchestra, Vanderbilt Club Swimming (National Team)Activities and societies: VandyHacks (Director of Content), ChangePlusPlus (Technical Lead), Vanderbilt Commodore Orchestra, Vanderbilt Club Swimming (National Team)
Teaching Assistant (CS/DS 1100, EECE 2123), Research Assistant (Institute for Software Integrated Systems)Teaching Assistant (CS/DS 1100, EECE 2123), Research Assistant (Institute for Software Integrated Systems)
"""

test_job = """
About the role
You will play a critical role in building our platform, driving the technical direction of our company. This is a hands-on position that will involve working on all things infrastructure, and collaborating with other engineers, designers, and founders. A great opportunity for someone to create a lasting impact not only on the primary product but also on the company's values and vision, given our early stage - we hope Pump would be that career defining opportunity for all of us!

Responsibilities:

Work closely with the rest of the team to design and implement our infrastructure.
Collaborate with other engineers and designers to build a user-friendly and intuitive platform that meets our customers' needs.
Help define and execute the technical roadmap for our platform, balancing technical debt and innovation to ensure we can deliver on our business goals.
Inventing, extending, and maintaining development processes, tools, and workflows.
Contribute to product roadmap
Qualifications:

BS or MS in Computer Science, Engineering, or a related field.
5+ years of experience as a DevOps engineer, with a focus on designing cloud native infrastructures.
Experience with AWS, GCP, and Azure, and knowledge of AWS, GCP, and Azure cost and billing is a plus.
Experience with CloudFormation, Terraform, etc.
Experience with Kubernetes, docker, and distributed systems.
Having AWS, GCP, and Azure certifications is a plus.
Strong communication skills and ability to collaborate effectively with cross-functional teams.
Experience with and enjoys creating prototypes and experimenting quickly.
"""
